*Atlas5D - Cambridge, MA*

Atlas5D is an early stage startup building breakthrough, leading-edge
medical devices designed to improve the quality of people=E2=80=99s lives.

* Sensor Application Developer (Entry Level): http://goo.gl/UzdYGP

* Back-End Web Developer (Entry Level): http://goo.gl/nJkHFc

* Front-End Web Developer (Entry Level): http://goo.gl/GeASQW



*BookBub - Cambridge, MA*

BookBub is a rapidly growing book discovery and recommendation startup with
more than seven million members. Join us to change the way books are found,
purchased and read.

* Business Analyst (Class of 2016): http://grnh.se/kcph0f



*CloudHealth - Boston, MA*

CloudHealth Technologies is pioneering IT Service Management for the cloud.
By combining enterprise requirements, best practices, and cloud technology,
we are transforming the way in which customers can see, evaluate, and
manage their entire cloud ecosystem.

* Software Engineer (Intern): https://goo.gl/IFhd38

* Software Engineer (New Grad): https://goo.gl/hVc5s1



*Cradlepoint - Boise, ID & Kelowna, CAN*

Cradlepoint helps Distributed and Mobile Enterprises extend, augment or
compliment their existing network infrastructure with Software-Defined
Wireless & Wired WAN Solutions.

* Java Software Engineer - New Grad (Boise or Kelowna):
https://goo.gl/DGHqN0

* QA Software Developer - New Grad (Boise or Kelowna): https://goo.gl/bjQWJ=
b

* QA Software Development - Intern (Boise): https://goo.gl/o76bWI



*Disqus - San Francisco, CA*

Disqus exists to make better communities and an even better web. Today, our
product ecosystem includes our established comment network (over 3 million
websites that cover pretty much any topic imaginable), a growing
advertising network, and our owned and operated platform.

* Sales Associate (New Grad): https://goo.gl/6Clpnx



*EnerNOC - Boston, MA*

EnerNOC is the world leader in energy intelligence software. We give
businesses control over energy costs, and their utilities deeper customer
relationships.

* Demand Response Operations (Intern): https://goo.gl/usvOO6

* Energy Intelligence (Intern): https://goo.gl/BSe9tw



*Graphiq - Santa Barbara, CA*

Our mission is to collect, structure and connect the world's data to lead
people to the best conclusions.

* Product Manager (New Grad): https://goo.gl/QtdapH

* Software Engineer (New Grad): https://goo.gl/QtdapH



*Imprivata - Lexington, MA*

Imprivata is a leading provider of authentication and access management
solutions for the healthcare industry.

* Visual Design (UI) =E2=80=93 Intern: https://goo.gl/Sn8sq0



*NuoDB - Cambridge, MA & Dublin, IRL*

NuoDB, the leader in webscale distributed database technology, is
redefining relational database technology to tackle the multiple challenges
associated with cloud computing and the rise of global application
deployments.

* Developer - Operational Assurance - Intern (Cambridge):
https://goo.gl/pSAhkW

* Developer - Operational Assurance - New Grad (Dublin):
https://goo.gl/pSAhkW



*Occipital - San Francisco, CA & Boulder, CO*

Occipital is equal parts science lab and software startup =E2=80=94 we take
whatever is at the frontier of =E2=80=9Cpossible=E2=80=9D in computer visio=
n, and we bring
it to everyday mobile devices.

* Web - Intern (Boulder): https://goo.gl/CBZxtA

* Web Engineer - New Grad (Boulder): https://goo.gl/Ibjle8

* Mobile Computer Vision Engineer - New Grad (MS/PhD required; SF or
Boulder): https://goo.gl/sQsVrs

* IOS Engineer - New Grad (SF or Boulder): https://goo.gl/F0x9o3



*Onera - San Francisco, CA*

Onera is an early-stage Silicon-Valley technology company that aims to use
discrete algorithms and machine learning to help some of the largest
multi-channel retailers solve real-time optimization problems.

* Software Engineer (Full-Time): http://goo.gl/71OiML



*Parallel Machines - Sunnyvale, CA & Tacoma, WA*

Parallel Machines provides a Machine Learning Platform that seamlessly
scales data science applications to process massive volumes of data at
unprecedented speeds, resulting in improved accuracy, productivity and
business results.

* Machine Learning Software Engineer (Full-Time): https://goo.gl/oriSVs



*PerformLine - Morristown, NJ*

PerformLine is the industry=E2=80=99s leading marketing compliance company =
bringing
SaaS automation and scale to companies looking to mitigate risk and ensure
brand safety.

* Junior Developer | Data Scientist (New Grad): http://bit.ly/1rfjjqX



*PillPack - Somerville, MA*

PillPack is reinventing pharmacy by using design, service, and technology
to change the way people think about medicine.

* Front End UI Developer (Full-Time): https://goo.gl/Sr519E

* Full Stack Engineer (Full-Time): https://goo.gl/7UFujW

* iOS Engineer (Full-Time): https://goo.gl/4f1O7O

* Platform Engineer (Full-Time): https://goo.gl/MxuZXY



*StartFast Venture Accelerator - Syracuse, NY*

StartFast is a 12 week accelerator program for internet/software/mobile
startups. We're looking for talented developers and designers to assist our
companies in any area of technical need.

* Designer (Intern): http://startfast.net/developers-page/

* Developer (Intern): http://startfast.net/developers-page/



*SwiftStack - San Francisco, CA*

SwiftStack provides customers with a software-defined object storage
platform that gives them the limitless scalability required to manage
massive data and applications growth, while providing the durability,
manageability, and enterprise integration they need to stay competitive.

* Software Engineer (Full-Time): https://goo.gl/7SS8Fy

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
