Hi All! Sorry about that...my fingers got away from me and off my message
went! Lets try this again.

The next two days will be full of opportunities to talk with employers who
are hiring both interns and permanent employees. Don't miss out if you are
still looking for an opportunity! Once this is over, recruiting starts to
die down.

To be successful, follow these tips:

1.) PREPARE by knowing *who is attending* the fair and what they are hiring
for. Use the PDF I've attached to get started because it's a condensed list
of employers specifically hiring CS students.

2.) CREATE a *simple spreadsheet* of the following information to take with
you to the fair:

   - Name of Company
   - Title of Job
   - Skills they are looking for
   - A question you want to ask them

3.) RESEARCH your target companies by *locating for job/internship listings=
*
posted in Careerolina or on their website. Take note in the job description
of what skills are important to them and add it to your spreadsheet.

4.) CONSTRUCT a *question you want to ask* when approaching the table. SOme
questions might include, " I read that x internship is rotational, Can you
tell me more about the various areas interns get to work in?" or "I have
submitted my application for the software position in Careerolina. Can you
tell me a bit more about what I can expect next  and your hiring timeline?"

5.) PERFECT your *30 second introduction*. "Hi my name is...I am currently
a Junior studying computer science and (insert skills or interests). I'm
interested in x company's summer internship program and I'm wondering
(insert question)"

6.) WEAR *business or business casual*. Anything within the spectrum of
formality in the images below are appropriate, which moves from the most
casual you would want to go to most formal.



=E2=80=8B
7.) Make sure your resume is up-to date and you have enough copies printed
out to bring along. The LAST CHANCE to get a resume review is during
drop-ins tomorrow between 1-4pm in Hanes Hall on the second floor.

HOPE THIS HELPS!!!!

-JB

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
