Welcome back! I hope you all had a wonderful break and are ready to get
back at it! Recruiting season round two takes off next week. Here are the
upcoming events, some things further in the semester you should put on your
calendar, and LOTS of various opportunities that have been sent my way in
the past week.

*Appointments:*  I'm in Hanes Hall M&TH's and Sitterson T&W's. (I'm not
here on Fridays) You can use the online scheduler found careers.unc.edu to
schedule an appointment with me on the days I'm in Hanes Hall. To meet with
me in Sitterson on T&W's please send me an email with all of your
availability for the next week and I will get you on my calendar.

*Monday Night Resume Labs will resume on January 25th at 5pm.* If you've
never had a resume review before, consider attending a lab this semester.
Sign up for a lab here:
http://www.signupgenius.com/go/20f0a4baeac2fa6ff2-resume

*Career Bytes (Career workshops for CS students) will resume on Tuesday's
at 3:30pm in SN011* (The first one is scheduled for Jan 26th and covers
conducting and managing a job/internship search this spring)

*Remember! If you are searching for a job or summer internship, PLEASE make
an effort to come to sessions that feature employers. This is a great
opportunity to meet employers who are looking to hire UNC CS students and
for you to stand out from the crowd rather than being just another resume.
Take advantage! Use the RSVP links I provide for evening sessions (found in
this weekly email and on the CS calendar) as most of these employers
provide food and we want to get an accurate count for them. You guys have
been really awesome at doing this and the employers appreciate it.*

*Next Week's Events:*

*Tuesday, Jan 19th:* *Mingle Like a Pro: Learn How to Navigate a Networking
Reception*, 5:30-6:30pm, 242 Hanes Hall

*Wednesday, Jan 20th:* *BYO Laptop: Resume & Cover Letter*, 4-5pm, 239A/B
Hanes Hall

*Wednesday, Jan 20th:* *Premier Inc. Tech Talk:Big Data & Predictive
Analytics*, 5:30-7pm, 011 Sitterson *RSVP
Here: https://unc.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=3DSV_2h078xhOimoBqwB
 (dinner
provided)*

*Thursday, Jan 21st:* *SAS Tech Talk: Big Data. Bigger Opportunities*,
5:30-7pm, 011 Sitterson Hall
*RSVP Here: https://unc.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=3DSV_9KV2EhBXvnh01wN
 (dinner
provided)*


*Mark Your Calendar:*

*Monday, January 25th: **Google Coffee Chats*, 10am-1pm, Sitterson Lower
Lobby (No RSVP, just stop by!)

*Thursday, January 28th: **IBM Info Session*, 5:30-7pm, 011 Sitterson Hall
RSVP *Here: **https://unc.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=3DSV_3LcSRS7vB9dr5nD
 (dinner
provided)*

*Tuesday, February 2nd: **Deutsche Bank Coffee Chats**, *10am-1pm,
Sitterson Lower Lobby (No RSVP, just stop by!)

*Wednesday, February 10th:* *Capital One Coffee Chats*, 10am-1pm, Sitterson
Lower Lobby (No RSVP, Just stop by!)

*Thursday, February 18th: **Red Hat Tech Talk: What is Technology
Consulting?, *5:30-7pm, 011 Sitterson Hall *RSVP Here:
**https://unc.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=3DSV_9B8qOjgHVY4a3tz
 (dinner
provided)*

*Wednesday, February 24th: **Diversity Career Fair*, 3-6pm, Great Hall, FPG
Student Union
See employers attending here: http://bit.ly/UNCDiv16

*Thursday, February 25th:* *Spring Job and Internship Expo*, 12-4pm, Rams
Head Rec Center
See employers attending here: http://bit.ly/UNCSpring2016

*February 23rd: **Big Data Networking Event* *(RSVP below)*

View this email in your browser


From Outlier to Insider


A Networking Event with Big Data Professionals



Are you interested in a career in data science or analytics or do you know
someone who is? UNC Kenan-Flagler and the National Consortium for Data
Science are teaming up to offer students an opportunity to hear from
representatives of top businesses who need data science talent. Industry
panelists will provide insight into the current state of the big data/data
analytics field, and networking opportunities will be available after the
panel presentation.


*Food Provided*



* Access to Industry Leaders Discover Job Opportunities*




Join us on Tuesday, February 23, 2016



*6:00 - 7:00 p.m.* Data Science Industry Panel, Koury Auditorium
*7:00 - 8:30 p.m.* Meet Up w/ Industry Leaders, The Kenan Center




*SAVE THE DATE*



*Brought to you by UNC Kenan-Flagler and*
* the National Consortium for Data Science.*

     kenan-flagler.unc.edu

       datascienceconsortium.org


Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences

or unsubscribe from this list




*Opportunities:*

*Old Well Partners, Computer Programmer*
Old Well Partners=E2=80=94a pre-launch investment firm based in Charlotte=
=E2=80=94is
looking to hire a full-time computer programmer.  We are interested in
upcoming/recent Computer Science graduates (B.S. or Masters) that have a
background or interest in finance.  The job responsibilities are:


   - Build automated web-scraping tools to curate financial data from
   various websites and organize into a manageable data base (Excel CSV
   spreadsheets, interactive webpages, SQL, etc.)
   - Conduct basic statistical analysis on underlying data (regression
   analysis, strategy back-tests, etc.) to identify what factors are most
   predictive of future stock returns
   - Be proactive in identifying new relevant data sources and analytics to
   improve investment performance

Contact Sam Grote, Senior Analyst at sam@oldwellpartners.com


*Impulsonic, FT Job*

We are a UNC CS startup developing exciting and critical audio tech for
video games, virtual reality, and architectural design. Located in awesome
town of Carrboro, we are bootstrapped and growing!

We are looking to hire quite a few folks in 2016, starting with a Junior
Programmer. If you are interested, use this link

to
apply or send me an email. Forward the email to rock star developers who
you think might be a interested in applying for a fun and challenging job
where playing video games at work is a job requirement!


*RoadAmico, WEB DESIGN/FRONT END DEVELOPMENT INTERN*
Carrboro tech startup founded by UNC professor Lucia Binotti, that is
aiming to make cultural learning accessible and interesting. RoadAmico=E2=
=80=99s
website platform helps guests discover and build specialized itineraries
that allow them to learn about global cultures and lifestyles. We are
currently looking for a creative and driven student to fill the role of Web
Design/Front End Developer Intern as we prepare to bring our platform to
full functionality.

   - This internship will require _10-15_ hours per-week
   - Starting Jan 15, 2016/end date open
   - Negotiable compensation

Qualifications:

   - Should be seeking a career in, or have ample experience with, web
   design design and front end development.
   - Be conversant with HTML and Photoshop
   - Be familiar with full stacks, particularly MEAN
   - Have an entrepreneurial attitude and be ready to iterate and pivot
   with us without frustration. Actually, be willing to have fun with the
   process and validation of  the hypothesis.
   - Must be able to work well with a team and communicate individual needs
   - Must be able to work remotely or in person

Please provide your information and resume to lucia@roadamico.com

*MetLife, Summer Internship*

MetLife Technical University is looking for rising Juniors and Seniors from
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill for our 2016 Summer
Internship Program. Apply directly on the Careerolina website.  Students
selected for interviews would be interviewed on campus on February 2nd.*
APPLICATION DEADLINE 1/20!*

*Youth Digital, IT Specialist*
We are currently hiring Summer Camp Staff for our tech-based camps for kids
ages 8-14 and we partner with private schools in the RDU area. We are
currently recruiting for IT Specialist positions and typically college
students in the computer science field are a great fit. I have included the=
 job
description
.


*UNC Health Sciences Library, Temp PHP Job*
The Health Sciences Library is looking for a full-time, temporary PHP
developer with strong programming skills and experience with module
development and core site maintenance for Drupal and/or WordPress. Here=E2=
=80=99s
the link to the position: https://unc.peopleadmin.com/postings/90219

*UNC Bucket List, Multiple Positions


        *The UNC Bucket List is comprised of an app and website that aim to
provide Carolina students with all the information they need to make the
most of their time in Chapel Hill. The website (www.uncbucketlist.com) is
an in-depth guide to the people, places, and things to do in Chapel Hill,
and the app (www.uncbucketlistapp.com) provides a way for students to track
the quintessential Carolina tasks that they=E2=80=99ve completed.

 The UNC Bucket List is currently seeking applicants for its team for the
following positions:

   - Social Media Manager
   - Web Designer
   - Content Creators
   - Project Manager

We=E2=80=99re looking for motivated self-starters who aren=E2=80=99t afraid=
 to tackle the
next digital challenge on campus. To learn more about the positions and
apply, visit http://tinyurl.com/uncbucketlistapp.



Applications are due Sunday, January 24th at 11:59PM.


Please email uncbucketlist@gmail.com with any questions!


*PennApps Fellows 2016, Internship*

PennApps Fellows  is a 10-week summer
internship program that pairs talented students from across the world to
top Philadelphia tech companies & startups.

*Be part of the PennApps Fellows Class of 2016.*


Apply by Feb 1 to get an opportunity to enjoy:


=C2=B7  *Paid internships* with *awesome tech companies & startups*
including *VistarMedia
*, *TicketLeap*
, *Guru
*, and *Monetate* 

=C2=B7  *Free housing *for the entire summer

=C2=B7  *Networking* and *social events* organized and sponsored by the
Philadelphia tech community

=C2=B7  And *more...* 

And, of course,

=C2=B7  Spend your summer with some of the coolest and brightest people!



*Applications will be accepted until February 1st 11:59pm.*

*Apply Now* 



[image: beacon]

Questions? Find us on Twitter @PennAppsFellows and Email us at
*team@pennappsfellows.com
*


*Venture for America, Fellowship*

Venture for America is a two-year fellowship program for enterprising
recent college grads to launch their careers as entrepreneurs. After five
weeks of training, VFA Fellows spend two years as full-time, salaried
employees at startups in emerging U.S. cities, getting hands-on experience
and learning how to build businesses. More than just a job, VFA provides
the additional mentorship, network, and resources Fellows need to become
entrepreneurs and make an impact in their communities. One out of four VFA
alumni even go on to start companies of their own! The LAST CHANCE to join
the Class of 2016 is approaching!

*Final deadline: Monday, February 1st*

Visit ventureforamerica.org or learn more below:

=C2=B7         Application and Admissions


=C2=B7         The VFA Experience


=C2=B7         Meet the Class of 2015


=C2=B7         Sign up to receive updates from VFA


Still have questions? Contact VFA at apply@ventureforamerica.org.

*Columbia Business School, Summer Internship (Sophomores, Juniors, First
Year Masters)
                                            *Columbia Business School is
seeking outstanding applications for the 2016 Summer Research Internship
program. The highly selective program provides an intellectually
stimulating environment and exposes the students to the world of business
research. Several of the top interns have gone on to leading MS and PhD
programs in Economics, Finance, Computer Science, and Data Sciences. Many
been selected to join CBS full-time as a full-time Research Associate. Unde=
r
the guidance of Columbia Business School=E2=80=99s leading faculty, interns=
 will
take an active role on a research project in one of the following areas:
finance, economics, marketing, management, decision sciences, operations,
accounting, and data analytics. This is a multi-disciplinary program and
candidates from all backgrounds, including business, statistics,
mathematics, engineering, computer science, the physical sciences, and the
social and behavioral sciences are encouraged to apply.

Prospective interns must have the following qualifications:

=EF=82=B7 Enthusiasm for research and intellectual curiosity

=EF=82=B7 Excellent communication skills

=EF=82=B7 Basic knowledge of statistics and/or econometrics

=EF=82=B7 Strong programming skills are required for most projects

o Familiarity with statistical and computational software packages (such as
Matlab, R, STATA), scripting languages such as Python, or general
programming languages

=EF=82=B7 Behavioral projects require knowledge of SPSS and may require kno=
wledge
of a scripting language such Python

The internship program is designed for undergraduate students in their
sophomore or junior year and first year Masters students. Exceptional
students from other classes are considered on a case-by-case basis.

The program runs from May 29, 2016 =E2=80=93 August 1, 2016 (final dates to=
 be
determined). On-campus housing and a stipend will be provided.

To apply, please fill out the application form at the following website:
http://www8.gsb.columbia.edu/faculty-research/research/job-opportunities/su=
mmer-research-internship

The Application Deadline is 11:59pm EST on March 1, 2016. Applications will
be reviewed on a rolling basis. The application process is highly
competitive, only qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
