CDW is looking for Sophomores or Juniors for a on-campus internship
opportunity working on technology projects that interest you! Check out the
details here:





*CDW Campus Internship*



CDW is a leading multi-brand technology solutions provider to business,
government, education and healthcare organizations in North America and the
United Kingdom. A Fortune 500 company,

CDW was founded in 1984 and employs more than 8,400 coworkers. For the year
ended December 31, 2015, the Company generated net sales of over $12.9
billion.

For more information about CDW please visit www.CDW.com.



As technology continues to shape the way learning outcomes are achieved in
Higher Education, we are seeking passionate individuals to help connect IT
departments, university administration and CDW so that current and future
students get the most out of their college investment. Join the Campus
Intern team to gain real world experience with a Fortune 500 company that
has been consistently recognized as one of the best places to work in the
technology sector.



*Internship Benefits*

   - Build Your Professional Network =E2=80=93 Get exposure to IT and sales
   professionals within the University, CDW and Manufacturer Partners to st=
art
   networking with industry professionals and technology experts
   - Real World Experience =E2=80=93 Gain professional experience that will
   translate into a wide range of fields and support your future career goa=
ls
   - Flexible Schedule =E2=80=93 Be able to balance your academic work load=
 and the
   CDWG Campus Internship by mapping out your own schedule
   - No Commute Required =E2=80=93 Explore the IT environment at your Unive=
rsity at
   your convenience, on your own schedule - pick up hours between classes
   - Collaboration =E2=80=93 Work in a team sales environment and deliver o=
n both
   personal and team goals



*Essential Job Functions*

=C2=B7         Challenging, innovative assignments providing an opportunity=
 to
gain working knowledge in the areas of IT analytics,desktop services, data
management, web development, technical change management, project
management, and cyber security.

=C2=B7         Shadow professionals in a variety of Information Technology
disciplines and to partner with members of the business

   - Research and identify campus structure as it pertains to Information
   Technology
   - Educate customers on the CDWG partnership by highlighting the value
   and expertise offered to the University
   - Participate in ongoing professional and technical trainings
   - Impact the learning environment and student technology experience by
   leveraging your student voice in ongoing conversations with IT influence=
rs

*Qualifications*

   - Must be a sophomore or junior pursuing a degree in Information
   Technology, Information Systems, Computer Science, Management Informatio=
n
   Systems or any other related major
   - Effective problem-solving skills, analytical aptitude, and the ability
   to learn quickly and embrace change
   - Strong organization and time management skills to work in an
   independent environment
   - Ability to communicate effectively and in a professional manner with
   all levels of an organization
   - Availability to work on campus for 15-25 hour/week within standard
   business hours



If you would like to be considered this position please visit this link to
join our talent network:
*https://www.applytracking.com/optin.aspx?c=3D9JK1mW82n%2foxg9VzZAZ3OZfinai=
5Yz7h&source=3DDS-15361&def=3Du_ShortTextField22-UNC
*

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
