The Computational Sciences and Engineering Division (CSED) at Oak Ridge
National Laboratory (ORNL) is looking for Post Bachelor and Post Master
Research Associates with the Geographic Information Science and Technology
(GIST) Group.  This is an AMAZING opportunity, especially for those recent
graduates still looking for a position.  Please share with anyone who may
be interested.





*ORNL GIS-based Settlement Mapping Post Bachelor=E2=80=99s and Post Master'=
s
Associate*

The Computational Sciences and Engineering Division (CSED) at Oak Ridge
National Laboratory (ORNL) is looking for Post Bachelor and Post Master
Research Associates with the Geographic Information Science and Technology
(GIST) Group. The Associate will support spatial research initiatives with
special emphasis in remote sensing and imagery analysis techniques to
support population modeling.

=C2=B7        Must have earned either a Bachelor=E2=80=99s or Master=E2=80=
=99s degree in
geography, geospatial science, remote sensing, imaging science, or a
closely related discipline

=C2=B7        Must have experience with digital spatial data and imagery, G=
IS
principles, GIS analytical techniques, data management, visualization, and
commercial GIS products

=C2=B7        Experience with commercial satellite imagery, land cover
classification, GIS-based programming and application development, and
command line text processing tools is preferred

=C2=B7        Will perform tasks such as collecting imagery and data,
ascertaining model accuracy with pattern recognition, and verifying and
validating outputs



For the full position description and to apply, visit our website:

http://ow.ly/uqcm301g7RD (for Post Bachelor=E2=80=99s) or http://ow.ly/LeF4=
301g7U6
(for Post Master=E2=80=99s).





Questions? Email ORNLedu@orau.org.  To hear more about position openings
like this, follow us on Twitter at @GovCareerPaths.

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
