*About The Position*



Are you looking for a position where you can develop apps that make a
difference? Know Me is a social enterprise startup that helps people with
communication difficulties paint a vivid picture of who they are and what
they want and need.



We have two levels of programming needs (that could likely be filled by one
right person):



=C2=B7         A programming adviser who will help us assess what we need a=
t
this turning point in our enterprise

=C2=B7         Ongoing programming help including continued new app develop=
ment
as well as developing our already existing apps into Android and/or web
versions



*A**bout You*

=C2=B7         Work with team members to debug problems that arise througho=
ut
all aspects of our current and future apps, front-end and back-end.

=C2=B7         Collaborate with team members to help develop the founder=E2=
=80=99s
vision for new iOS apps, providing creative and technical insight

=C2=B7         Create and maintain technical design documentation for new
features and applications

=C2=B7         Develop iOS apps; building cool features and extensions

=C2=B7         Develop Android versions of current iOS apps

=C2=B7         Potentially develop web versions of current iOS apps

=C2=B7         Familiarity with Amazon S3, Cloudinary, Layer, and Parse



*Our Current Products*



We currently have two iOS apps (Know Me and Friends) available in the Apple
Store. Please check out our website for more information:
www.knowmetools.com

Know Me 

www.knowmetools.com

Know Me, LLC creates tools that help people with communication difficulties
paint a vivid picture of who they are and what they want and need.



*Know Me App*

This app is built for people with communication disabilities who have
trouble conveying their thoughts. It is a tool to help them be known and
understood, and for their loved ones to be reassured by that.



Know Me visually displays important information about you in a way that=E2=
=80=99s
easy to access and personalize for different situations in your life.



*Friends App*

This app was initially designed so people with limited communication
ability could hear the voices, and see the faces, of people they care about
any time. It is also a great tool for memorizing names and faces.



*Contact*

Please send your resume, a short paragraph about your experience with
people with disabilities, and any additional questions to
*michelle@knowmetools.com
*





--=20

Michelle Neumann

720-314-5980

www.knowmetools.com



710 Market Street, Suite 42

Chapel Hill, NC 27516

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
