Greetings,

My name is Mike Janney; I am a Sr. Recruiter for Oak Ridge Associated
Universities (ORAU).   ORAU administers Science, Technology, Engineering
and Mathematics (STEM) research participation programs for civilians such
as the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education
(ORISE) Program that allow senior scientists, faculty; high school,
bachelor's, masters' and doctoral students, and recent graduates to enhance
their science education experience in projects and activities at our
Department of Defense (DOD) and other Government and Private Industry
customers' laboratories and research facilities worldwide.  Last year, ORAU
placed over 9,400 participants in educational research roles across the
country.

I am excited to share details regarding the U.S. Air Force Research Lab
Repperger Research Intern Program. The Repperger Research Intern Program
begins June 4 and concludes August 12, 2017. We are currently seeking
Computer Science candidates for several opportunities within the Repperger
Research Internship Program.   A single application can be utilized to
apply to all of these programs and other DoD research opportunities
(Candidates can apply to multiple opportunities).  I am e-mailing
institutions across the country in attempt to alert students about the
available opportunities.  Please share my e-mail with your students and
faculty to encourage your students to apply to these great research
opportunities.  The opportunities with AFRL are located either in Ohio or
Texas at the respective research laboratory.   Currently, the deadline to
apply for this program is slated for Friday 6 Jan 17 (We opened up the
application process in late November ).  Pending the applicant pool after
Friday's deadline, we may extend the deadline a few more weeks)  U.S.
Citizenship is required for the Air Force Research Lab.



Candidates can apply to this program and view others on our website:
www.orau.org/maryland



Candidates will receive a monthly stipend based upon their education and
experience.



The following projects are still actively seeking qualified computer
science candidates:



*Project Number/ Project Title*



17-03   /  From Insights in Social Media to Indicators of Behavior



17-11 / Physiological Response(s) to Intense Electrical Stimuli



17-14 /  Imaging Informatics Tools and Resources for Force Health
Protection Research



17-16 / Genetic Variability of Phenotypic Outcomes for Individualized Force
Health Protection



17-17  / Mobile Software Application for Cockpit Evaluation of Laser Eye
Protection



17-18  / Imaging at the speed of light: Utilizing compressed ultrafast
photography to observe fundamental intracellular dynamics in real-time.



17-23  / A high throughput bioinformatics method for analyzing nucleotide
polymers demonstrating physiological effects within eukaryotic cells



17-24  /  Low-latency Plan Execution Monitoring in the CECEP Framework



17-25   /  Recognizing and Deciphering Military Symbols in Neuromorphic
Architectures.



17-26  /  Accelerating Planning in a Domain Ontology using the planning
Domain Definition Language



17-27  /  Development of mobile software app for team-based physiological
monitoring in field training environments



17-31  /  Personalized Spatial Audio for Virtual/Augmented Reality



17-36  /  The effects of automation error types on trust and reliance









We will continue to receive more research opportunities, these programs
wanted to get a start on the recruitment process.  The application
deadlines will vary from one program to the next, but most Selecting
Officials will like to start reviewing the applicants following the first
of the year.





*U.S. Air Force Research Lab - 2017 Repperger Internship Program* (39
opportunities for BS students - PhD candidates) - U.S. Citizenship Required

Information Webpage: http://www.orau.org/maryland/repperger.html








*Stay connected with ORAU!  Join the ORAU Talent Network*.  The Talent
Network allows you to receive alerts with new opportunities that match your
research interest.  You need to only enter your E-mail Address,  Zip Code,
and Desired Area of Research.



Click to join the ORAU Talent Network:
http://www.jobs.net/jobs/orau-maryland/en-us/







Best regards,





*Mike Janney*

Sr. Recruiter, DoD Participant Programs



*[image: http://intraweb.orau.gov/cm/images/logos/ORISE-logo.jpg]*



4692 Millennium Drive, Suite 101 | Belcamp, MD 21017

(410) 618-7981 (cell)

(410) 306-9306 (fax)

*michael.janney@orau.org *

Follow Mike on LinkedIn 

-- 
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group page linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
--- 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Careers" group.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
