Columbia Business School (CBS) is seeking outstanding applicants
 for the 2017
Summer Research Internship program.  The highly selective program provides
an intellectually stimulating environment and exposes the students to the
world of business research.  Several of the top interns have gone on to
leading MS and PhD programs in Economics, Finance, Computer Science and
Data Sciences.  Many have been selected to join CBS afterwards as full-time
Research Associates.

Under the guidance of Columbia Business School=E2=80=99s leading faculty, i=
nterns
will take an active role on a research project in one of the following
areas: Finance, Economics, Marketing, Management, Decision Sciences,
Operations, Accounting, and Data Analytics.

This is a multi-disciplinary program and candidates from all backgrounds,
including Business, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science,
the Physical Sciences, and the Social and Behavioral Sciences, are
encouraged to apply.

Prospective interns must have the following qualifications:

=C2=B7         Enthusiasm for research and intellectual curiosity

=C2=B7         Excellent communication skills

=C2=B7         Basic knowledge of statistics and/or econometrics

=C2=B7         Behavioral projects in Marketing or Management require knowl=
edge
of SPSS and prior experience in a psychology laboratory

=C2=B7         Quantitative projects in Accounting, Decision, Risk, &
Operations, Finance and Economics, Management, and Marketing require strong
programming skills:

o   STATA required for projects in Finance, Economics, and Management

o   Matlab, R or Python required for projects in Marketing or DRO

o   SAS or STATA required for projects in Accounting

o   Experience in Python or C/C++ is a plus

The internship program is designed for undergraduate students in their
sophomore or junior year and first-year Masters students.  Exceptional
students from other classes are considered on a case-by-case basis.

The program runs from May 30, 2017 =E2=80=93 August 4, 2017 (tentative date=
s).
On-campus housing and a stipend will be provided.

The Application Deadline is 11:59pm EST on March 1, 2017.  *Apply early*.
Applications will be reviewed beginning mid-January and positions *may be
filled on a rolling basis*.  The application process is highly competitive.
Only qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.

To apply, please fill out the application form through the following
website:
http://www8.gsb.columbia.edu/faculty-research/research/job-opportunities/su=
mmer-research-internship

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
