Feel free to share with any friends outside of CS that might be interested
in data science and use the RSVP link to register.


*Careers in Data Science Talk *

*Wednesday, March 8th at 5:30pm, Sitterson 011 *

*RSVP Here: *https://unc.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=3DSV_2rdhxrX0PZj0cgB=E2=
=80=8B

Yan Kou, head of Health Data Science at Insight Data Science will be
leading a discussion on careers in data science, health data science, and
data engineering. Top companies are hiring data scientists and engineers to
help find insights in the petabytes of data that they collect every day.
Scientists and engineers from diverse fields, including physics,
computational biology, neuroscience, math, and statistics are playing key
roles in transforming the way of working with data to impact our daily
lives. The Insight Fellows Program is a training fellowship designed to
bridge the gap between academia and a career in data. Insight provides
seven-week,
full-time, training fellowships in Silicon Valley, New York and Boston.
They offer a full tuition scholarship, dedicated office space, and
project-based learning under the guidance of top industry mentors. Over 800
Insight alumni are now working at Facebook, Apple, LinkedIn, Uber, Reddit,
Netflix, NBC, MTV, Khan Academy, Biogen and other top companies.

In this info session, we will provide a high-level overview of data trends
in industry and describe the Insight Fellows Program. The session will
include time for Q&A, and advice for those interested in transitioning to
careers in data science and data engineering. Learn more at:
insightdatascience.com

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
