Please *join us for a CS Undergraduate =E2=80=9CTown Hall Meeting=E2=80=9D =
*Monday,
September 18*, **5:00-6:00 PM i*n* SN014* to discuss and provide feedback
on potential enhancements to our undergraduate program.   Our Department is
committed to making our undergraduate program world-class and ensuring all
our students are as prepared as possible to enter a dynamic and competitive
job market, as well as making this a supportive and enjoyable place for
majors to spend their time.  We have some ideas, but also want to hear what
you would find useful.  Areas we think we can do better:

1. Preparing you to receive offers from top companies. Our courses provide
strong fundamentals and you and your peers are undoubtedly sharp, but
recruiters are telling us our grads are light on important practical skills
and projects outside of a formal CS curriculum. We want to fix this and we
have ideas for how.

2. Equipping you to explore. The future of industry is in mobile apps, VR,
AR, cloud services, robotics, and AI and to land a job in these fields you
should be building projects in them now. Unfortunately, the hardware you
need is expensive and changes fast. We want to ensure you have easy access
to a wide range of modern equipment any time you want to pursue an idea.

3. Strengthening your professional networks. We want to build bridges into
industry by helping you establish bonds beyond your graduating class. This
happens by better resourcing extracurricular activities and building
mentorship programs.

Of course, these services need to be funded with equipment and people to
run them and we are exploring a new specialized CS student fee in the
$300-400 range, similar in spirit to fees you already pay for other
resources and student activities at UNC.

Please join us and let us hear your thoughts.

Kevin Jeffay
Chairman

--=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Majors" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e=
mail to majors+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
