*Title:* Senior Product Manager

*Salary Range:  *$80,000 - $90,000

*Reports to:  VP of Product* Management

*Location:*  Washington D.C.

*Number of direct reports:*  0


------------------------------

*Job Summary*

Connect4health is a member engagement service for health plans and state
Medicaid agencies. Utilizing Connect4health, health plans can engage with
their members through a combination of text messaging, email and outbound
interactive voice response (IVR) calls.  Content is delivered to users
Message streams based on a defined timeline (such as annual risk
assessments) or a specific event (alerts about gaps in care).  The
successful candidate for this position will be responsible for developing
and maintaining this service, and will work closely with cross-functional
teams including software engineering, QA, UX, and business stakeholders to
deliver world-class features and functionality.

*Description*

You are a product leader responsible for building and delivering programs
that provide health and wellness content to consumers.  In this role you
will manage the platform and the tools that enable and support
communication with these members and beneficiaries. Your primary
responsibilities include advocating for customer and business needs and
working closely with software engineers to deliver high-quality
member-engagement tools.

You are a natural leader and a team player and a problem solver who can
influence and collaborate with colleagues at all levels. You are effective
working with a diverse team and identifying solutions.  You enjoy
discussing technical details with engineers and also comfortable presenting
in front of business leaders.

You have a passion for innovation and the creativity to apply your passion
to create high-quality healthcare and wellness products. You are highly
motivated and determined to drive projects to completion.

*Key Qualifications*

=C2=B7         4-6 years experience in product management, business analysi=
s, or
equivalent

=C2=B7         Demonstrated history of effective work in product developmen=
t and
business analysis

=C2=B7         Ability to effectively influence stakeholders of all levels =
and
across organizations

=C2=B7         Experience in gathering, analyzing and documenting requireme=
nts

=C2=B7         Ability to learn quickly and adapt to a fast-changing enviro=
nment

=C2=B7         Experience in the healthcare and/or wellness industry

*Education*

=C2=B7         Bachelor=E2=80=99s degree and 5+ years of experience

=C2=B7         Master=E2=80=99s degree or equivalent experience in a relate=
d field
(Computer Science, Information Technology, User Experience, Business
Administration, Product Development, Healthcare, Wellness, or Public
Health)
Contact:

*Mike Rawaan*

Vice President, Product Management



Voxiva, Inc.|1990 K Street NW, Suite 400|Washington, DC  20006

Tel. +1(202) 419-0152 |Mobile: +1(615) 473-1023

Email: mrawaan@voxiva.com | Website: www.voxiva.com

https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikerawaan

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at http://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
