Our first TAP candidate will be speaking on *Thursday, February 15 at 5 pm
in SN 011. *

*Laura Gaines:*  After completing her undergraduate in computer science and
mathematics from High Point University and master=E2=80=99s degree in compu=
ter
science at Wake Forest University, Laura was drawn to the classroom rather
than industry and began teaching Advanced Placement Computer Science at the
Career Center in Winston-Salem.  She decided to go back to school, to
pursue a career in higher education.  After a year and a half in graduate
school, she missed the classroom and working one-on-one with students as
they expanded their intellectual reach.  Laura returned to the classroom
teaching full time at Alamance Community College and has remained there for
the last seven years.


Talk: *Introduction to Matrices and Vectors*

This lecture would serve as the first lecture for matrix and vector
programming.  This would go happen within the first two weeks of the
semester.  The concepts are broad, but the programming examples will be
given in Python and NumPy.

As a reminder,  the TAP (Teaching Assistant Professor) position is a
strictly teaching position.  The person hired in this position will be
teaching service or introductory courses.  Like Kris Jordan, they will be
many students' first exposure to the department or field.

There are still a few seats available to meet with Laura after her talk
(6-7).  If you have not signed up and would like to meet with him, please
fill in this google form .

Thanks,
Diane

--=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Majors" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e=
mail to majors+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
