See descriptions below:



*Job Title*



Software Developer

*Work Location*



Chapel Hill, NC

*Company*



Path BioAnalytics, Inc.

*Job Type*



Part time, 10-20 hrs/week

*Employment Type*



Internship, compensation negotiable

*Start Date*



January 10, 2016







*Company Overview*



Path BioAnalytics (PBA) is a fast-paced start-up and recent spinout from
the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. PBA=E2=80=99s focus is on
providing novel diagnostic software solutions to facilitate the development
and clinical evaluation of pulmonary therapeutics. PBA offers a high-growth
environment where new hires will play a vital role in shaping the direction
of the company. PBA=E2=80=99s Chapel Hill location is adjacent to the Resea=
rch
Triangle Park, an international biotech and life sciences hub and a leading
source of innovation worldwide.

*Job Description*



Path BioAnalytics, Inc. is seeking a Software Developer to build innovative
web-based clinical research tools and work in close collaboration with
academic partners to evaluate their success. Ideal candidates will
demonstrate and model effective communication, time management, problem
solving and organizational skills.

*Qualifications*





=C2=B7         Proficiency with JavaScript, Java and/or C++ is required. Co=
mfort
with MatLab, Python and Shell scripting a plus

*Competencies*



=C2=B7         Must be able to make independent, effective decisions in
appropriate situations

=C2=B7         Must possess excellent interpersonal skills and intellectual
creativity

=C2=B7         Excellent software engineering skills: modular design, data
structures, systems, databases and algorithms



Prospective applicants should send their CV and cover letter to
info@pathbioanalytics.com



----------------------------------------------------------



*Job Title*



Scientific Analyst

*Work Location*



Chapel Hill, NC

*Company*



Path BioAnalytics, Inc.

*Job Type*



Part time, 10-20 hrs/week

*Employment Type*



Internship, compensation negotiable

*Start Date*



January 10, 2016







*Company Overview*



Path BioAnalytics (PBA) is a fast-paced start-up and recent spinout from
the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. PBA=E2=80=99s focus is on
providing novel diagnostic software solutions to facilitate the development
and clinical evaluation of pulmonary therapeutics. PBA offers a high-growth
environment where new hires will play a vital role in shaping the direction
of the company. PBA=E2=80=99s Chapel Hill location is adjacent to the Resea=
rch
Triangle Park, an international biotech and life sciences hub and a leading
source of innovation worldwide.

*Job Description*



Path BioAnalytics, Inc. is seeking a Scientific Analyst to participate in
innovative biomedical research in human cell biology. The candidate will
participate in a research program to study ion transport properties of the
CFTR protein utilizing *in vitro* model systems of ion transport.  A major
component of this position involves the development and validation of
innovative imaging techniques and metrics of ion transport in 3-D cell
models. Duties will include, but are not limited to: data collection, data
analysis and software/algorithm development.



The candidate will work in close collaboration with academic partners to
develop, conduct and evaluate novel scientific research focused
organoid-based models for human disease. In addition, the Scientific
Analyst may assist in the preparation of publications and reports. Ideal
candidates will demonstrate and model effective communication, time
management, problem solving and organizational skills.



The ideal candidate will have a strong background in machine learning,
math, computer science or statistics; an expert grasp of MatLab and LaTex
programming languages; and a strong desire to independently develop and
validate new technologies for translational science.  A background in
biology is not required.



*Qualifications*





=C2=B7         Proficiency in MatLab and LaTex

*Competencies*



=C2=B7         Must be able to make independent, effective decisions in
appropriate situations

=C2=B7         Analytically proficient with working knowledge of appropriat=
e
statistical concepts

=C2=B7         Must possess excellent interpersonal skills and intellectual
creativity

=C2=B7         Knowledge of image processing techniques



Prospective applicants should send their CV and cover letter to
info@pathbioanalytics.com

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at http://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
