I hope you have all gotten on the road and have made it safely to your
holiday destination. Enjoy the break and have a wonderful holiday!

Here are just a few opportunities to look over:

*Shoeboxed in Durham NC is looking for an experienced software engineer* to
build and refine their one-of-a-kind web and mobile apps. This person would
lead the development team and play a critical role in the ideation,
production and execution of Shoeboxed software. Ideally they're looking for
someone who knows at least 1-2 modern languages (such as Python, Scala,
Ruby, Go, Elixir, and/or Java/Spring Framework) as well as older languages.
Machine learning experience would be a huge plus, but not required.



*Responsibilities: *

   - Work on the JSON API that powers the mobile and web app. It's written
   in Scala and talks to internal services that are written in Go, Python a=
nd
   Java
   - Work on the iOS and Backbone.js frontends
   - Lead the greenfield development on new apps and concepts built on
   machine learning work that we have developed over the past few years

*Required Qualifications:*


   - 5+ years combined Python, Scala, Ruby, Go, Elixir, and/or Java/Spring
   Framework
   - 5+ years relational database experience
   - Agile teamwork experience or strong desire to work on an agile team
   - Fluency with HTTP, JSON & experience consuming & designing RESTful web
   services
   - Git experience

*Bonus Points For: *

   - Machine learning experience.
   - Web scraping experience.
   - Mac OS X / Unix / Linux user with command-line experience.

Here is the link to Shoeboxed careers 
page. Contact Claudia Amand (UNC alum) with any questions.
claudia@team.shoeboxed.com



*FreshSpire* My name's Gabrielle and I'm a cofounder of a social startup
called FreshSpire, which is creating a communication platform (mobile app
and text notification system) that alerts users when perishable items are
discounted due to nearing expiration at their nearest grocery store. This
reduces food waste in stores and increases accessibility and affordability
of healthy foods.

We are currently in an incubator at HQ Raleigh where the application
development will be completed in the next six months,  however we are in
need of a team member with technical expertise. This person would need to
devote time next semester to learning alongside the head application
developer and in order to retain the skills needed for maintenance of the
app. Most importantly, the applicant must be available summer 2016 to work
for FreshSpire in implementing the product in grocery stores. Ideally the
applicant should have a passion for social entrepreneurship and feel
connected with the social mission of the project. For more information,
contact Gabrielle at gabbeau@live.unc.edu



*Are you an undergraduate work study student? *

The Computer Science Department has opened three work study positions for
this fall through spring, any student with an unused work study allocation
and the appropriate skill can apply.

Job #5525

This position will provide programming for small to moderate web
applications as part of a team.

*Job Requirements: *

Experience with Javascript or Java. Experience with other web oriented
programming languages such as PHP, Ruby on Rails would be a plus.

Ideally applicants should be able to point to prior work as examples of
their skill set.

Contact Bil Hays < hays@cs.unc.edu> with any questions.


*Carolina Creates is now accepting applications for a Member at Large
position on its Board of Directors. *



The mission of Carolina Creates is to foster innovative creation at
UNC-Chapel Hill. We do this in two ways. First, we provide the resources
needed to make ideas happen: funding, marketing, connections, strategic
advice, and space. Second, our themed communities offer programming
designed to spark activity and engage students in six different creative
realms--music, writing, dance, visual arts, technology, and ideation.


We=E2=80=99re looking for students who want to be a part of the Carolina Cr=
eates
Board of Directors. Board members work closely with students who have
awesome, innovative ideas. We help provide the resources to bring these
ideas to life at UNC. As a board member, you will be responsible for
brainstorming about the strategy of incubating initiatives, deciding on
which initiatives to fund, and generally helping to make awesome things
happen on campus. You will identify opportunities for collaborations at UNC
that foster creativity, and you will represent Carolina Creates at
innovation-related events. Board members also coordinate with the directors
of the 6 Carolina Creates communities to facilitate their success. *If you
love creativity and innovation and consider yourself a thinker and a doer,
fill out **this application*
*
by Friday, December 4th at 11:59PM.*



Email carolinacreates@unc.edu with any questions!

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at http://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
