Display problems? View this newsletter in your browser.



[image: ---]
[image: Congratulations CPSM Graduates!]

Congratulations CPSM Graduates!


Congratulations CPSM Graduates!   In the 2016-2017 school year four
exceptional students joined the ranks of graduates from our Certificate
Program in Survey Methodology. We would like to congratulate Ryan Weber,
Emily Carty, Anthony Sbarra, and Serge Severenchuk on their graduation and
all the hard work and dedication it took to get them there!

Read more.

[image: ---]
[image: Data Science Roundtables]

Data Science Roundtables


The The South Big Data Hub presents Data Science Roundtable Series: Data
Science at the Nexus of Environment and Health. This month's South Big Data
Hub Data Science Roundtable will discuss some of the pragmatic challenges
associated with data science at the intersection of health, the
environment, and mobile health (mhealth). For example, they plan to cover
some of the =E2=80=A6

Read more.

[image: ---]
New Research Data Archivist


The Odum Institute is very excited to welcome Mandy Gooch to our staff as
our new research data archivist! Mandy has a Bachelor of Arts Degree in
Asian Studies from Old Dominion University and a Master of Science Degree
in Library Science from the School of Information and Library Science at
UNC-Chapel Hill. During her final year at SILS she =E2=80=A6

Read more.

[image: ---]
[image: Data Matters]

Data Matters


Data Matters: Data Science Short Course Series Data Matters=E2=84=A2 is a w=
eek-long
series of one and two-day courses aimed at professionals in business,
research, and government. If you are struggling to stay afloat in the data
deluge, grappling with large, complex data, or simply want to sharpen your
data science skills, Data Matters is for you. Below is a list =E2=80=A6

Read more.

[image: ---]
[image: Qualitative Research Summer Intensive]

Qualitative Research Summer Intensive


ResearchTalk and the Odum Institute at University of North Carolina
present: The 14th Annual Qualitative Research Summer Intensive QRSI is a
unique opportunity to gain both theoretical and practical understanding of
qualitative inquiry. The five-day course series covers a range of topics to
help you synthesize your data and develop a deeper understanding of
qualitative research tools. QRSI also lets =E2=80=A6

Read more.

[image: ---]
[image: Funding Opportunity for Computational Social Science]

Funding Opportunity for Computational Social Science


Organization: Russell Sage Foundation RFP: Computational Social Science
Award Amount: up to $150,000 for up to two (2) years LOI Deadline: August
21, 2017 by 2:00pm ET. Invited full proposals due November 15, 2017 by
2:00pm ET. Anticipated Award Notification: March 2018 RFP Synopsis: The
Russell Sage Foundation is accepting Letters of Inquiry (LOIs) to support
innovative social science research =E2=80=A6

Read more.

[image: ---]
[image: Research Compliance Learning Training]

Research Compliance Learning Training


Increase Compliance Behavior Through Brain Science-based Training Design
Please note that you must take THE BASICS course before THE INTERMEDIATE
LEVEL and the INTERMEDIATE LEVEL course before the ADVANCED LEVEL You can
just take the BASICS or just the BASICS + INTERMEDIATE, if that works best
with your schedule Participants in this 3-course series will learn: 5
time-tested steps to =E2=80=A6

Read more.

[image: ---]
[image: Short Course Spotlight: ICPSR - Latent Growth Curve Models (LGCM)]

Short Course Spotlight: ICPSR - Latent Growth Curve Models (LGCM)


A powerful method for analyzing longitudinal data is Latent Growth Curve
Models (LGCM). LGCM allow each case in a sample to have individual
trajectories ("latent curves" or "growth curves") representing change over
time. In addition to mapping these trajectories, LGCM allow researchers to
examine the determinants of =E2=80=A6

Read more.

[image: ---]
Upcoming Short Courses


The Odum Institute is committed to advancing social science research
through education and training. Each year, the Odum Institute offers more
than 100 short courses on a range of topics in the social and behavioral
sciences, and partners with other organizations to provide unique summer
series and workshops on various data science topics.

Click the link above to view a list of our upcoming short courses, or visit
our calendar

.
[image: ---]
[image: Facebook]

[image: Twitter]


Unsubscribe

 - Edit your subscription


228 Davis Library, CB #3355, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3355

Website: www.odum.unc.edu | Phone: 919-962-3061 <(919)%20962-3061> | Email:
odum@unc.edu | Hours: 9:00AM - 5:00PM

--- You are currently subscribed to=20=
odum=
 as:=20=
mlal123@live.unc.edu=
.
To unsubscribe send a blank email to=20=
leave-38887093-90028569.519edd28e76e17b9866f1cae416ac17a@listserv.unc.edu=
